README.md, before:

[![Code Is Passing All Unit Tests?](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/python-app.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/python-app.yml) [![Documentation Is Generated?](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/gh-pages.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/gh-pages.yml)


# crypto-bot
The user level command line script is `crypto_util.py`

# Requirements
- python 3.9.1
- Anaconda
- pandas==1.4.0
- Install cryptoCMD (`https://github.com/guptarohit/cryptoCMD`) can be installed using `pip install git+git://github.com/guptarohit/cryptoCMD.git`
- scikit-learn==1.0.2
- numpy==1.22.2
- matplotlib==3.5.1
- yahoo-fin==0.8.9.1

# Data Sources
https://finance.yahoo.com
https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/

# Coin ID reference in coin\_list.json

# Real-time data collection

# Historical BTC/USD, ETH/USD, LTC/USD
Go to https://www.cryptodatadownload.com/data/gemini/ and download the minute 
CSVs. Then move the CSV files into the data folder and run train\_model.py 
(doesn't yet exist)

Commit message:

adding example usage to the README

README.md, after:

[![Code Is Passing All Unit Tests?](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/python-app.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/python-app.yml) [![Documentation Is Generated?](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/gh-pages.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/1103s/crypto-bot/actions/workflows/gh-pages.yml)


# crypto-bot
The user level command line script is `crypto_util.py`

# Example Usage
- `python3 crypto_util.py --crypto ETH`: In this case the settings are set to default. However, the cryptocurrency you want to analyze needs to specified. 

- `python3 crypto_util.py --help` displays the usage and required arguments for the utility to work. 

# Requirements
- python 3.9.1
- Anaconda
- pandas==1.4.0
- Install cryptoCMD (`https://github.com/guptarohit/cryptoCMD`) can be installed using `pip install git+git://github.com/guptarohit/cryptoCMD.git`
- scikit-learn==1.0.2
- numpy==1.22.2
- matplotlib==3.5.1
- yahoo-fin==0.8.9.1

# Data Sources
- https://finance.yahoo.com

- https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/

# Coin ID reference in coin\_list.json

# Real-time data collection

# Historical BTC/USD, ETH/USD, LTC/USD
Go to https://www.cryptodatadownload.com/data/gemini/ and download the minute 
CSVs. Then move the CSV files into the data folder and run train\_model.py 
(doesn't yet exist)
